- Every computer language is considered as coding language nothing but programming language but Html is a language 
  which delas with the content so it is called Markup language.


HTML - HTML is the standard markup language for creating Web pages. 
       The full form of html is Hyper Text Markup Language.
       The links which is present in the website are called hyperlink and this link will connect to many other websites.
       Hence it is Hyper Text Markup lang.
       Html is used to create webpage and put content

CSS - Cascading style sheet.
      CSS is used to style the webpage and content of the page.
      arrange, align, sizing and colouring.


How we use HTML to create webpage.
- The basic setup of html is called as boiler plate.

About basic tags :

Tag : is used to create a content 

1. <html> -  This tag will tell browser that this is html file document.
             This is the root element of the web page.
2. <head> - head tag includes title tag.
3. <body> - body tag will contain all other tags which is required to write the content of the browser.
4. <h1> - h1 is tag which will make the text big and bold.
5. <pre> - pre-formatted tag is used to write the code exactly it appears how you write.
6. <link> - link tag is used to link the external files to the html files.


Attributes : Attributes will enhance the feature of the tag.

Day 2 Bootcamp :

Forms : The way of giving data to the website.
        By using form website will collect the data from the users.

  <form> : This tag is used to keep all the input field together.
  <input> : it is a self closing tag and by default the type is text.


CSS : Cascading Style sheet.
There are three types of css we can implement in html
1. Inline css : This CSS is applied for particular tag 
2. Internal CSS : 
3. External CSS    

Selectors : By using selectors we can give the css styles Selectors can be by using  tag name , class name, And also by giving id name
In terms of selectors ID has the highest priority.
Then the class has the next priority and then the priority is given to the tag and also the styles given to the tag.
- Suppose if you give the same style in id and class the tag will take the id property not the class one.
- Suppose the same styles is given in id, class and tag then the highest priority is given to the id.

- Classes are so flexible and we can give it to many tags.
- Id is unique and can be given only to one tag.

Drawbacks of internal CSS :
- If you are working with big projects then writting CSS will be big challenge.
- And it will make the website size larger.
- And you will end up with more confusion and will be very difficult to maintain the code.

External CSS :
- This type of CSS is very popular.
- By using the external CSS then maintaining the code will be easy.
- Confusion will be very less.
- By using link tag we can link the external CSS to the webpage.

Box Model : 
Box model can be created using following tags : div, section, nav, header,main,footer.

Padding : It is a fake space between the content area and the border of the box.

margin : It is a extra fake size added to the top of the content.

percentage unit :
flexboxing :
inline, block and inline-block element :

*(Asterisk) : It is the universal selector

flexbox : It will work on the x and y axis. It will work only when the parent tag is available.
whenever flex direction is row, X is main axis and Y is cross axis.
whenever flex direction is column, Y is main axis and X is cross axis.

